Account Application A 2
Advisory - Retirement Account Number 1 6 2 3 5 8 4 0
Rep ID P 1 D | D

Financial advisor instructions: To be used for all LPL advisory retirement accounts held at the individual account level. For more detailed information on the
appropriate paperwork requirements for all registration types, please consult the appropriate account opening checklist located in the resource center. For
existing accounts, this form should only be used for adding or removing account holders or to change the registration.
Please email the completed form to imaging.email@lpl.com or fax to (858) 202-8325.

ATTENTION: Any alterations must be initialed by all account holders.

Section I: Account Information

1. Account Type (choose only one) Account updates required by LPL Operations

Each account holder must receive, read and understand the contents of the applicable Account Packet referenced below based on the account type
selected. This separate packet contains the Account Agreement and Program Brochure and details the relationship between you, your financial advisor,
LPL Financial ("LPL") and other parties and related conflicts of interest.

Strategic Asset Management (Account Packet - SAM) Optimum Market Portfolios Advisory (Account Packet - OMP)

Manager Select (Account Packet - Manager Select) Model Wealth Portfolios (Account Packet - MWP)

Personal Wealth Portfolios (Account Packet - PWP)

*GWP accounts must be submitted with e-signature. Guided Wealth Portfolios* (Account Packet -

2. Registration Type (choose only one)

Traditional IRA Beneficiary IRA 403(b)(7) Non-ERISA* 401 (k) Plan

Rollover IRA Beneficiary Roth IRA 403(b)(7) ERISA* Profit Sharing
Roth IRA Beneficiary SIMPLE IRA 457 Plan Defined Benefit Plan

SEP IRA Beneficiary 403(b)(7) Money Purchase Pension Plan Trusteed IRA

SAR-SEP IRA Trusteed Roth IRA
Name of Decedent (required for Beneficiary accounts)
SIMPLE IRA Other Retirement

*403(b)(7) plans may or may not be subject to ERISA depending on how the plan operates. Please consult the employer to determine if the plan is subject to

Is this account or plan subject to ERISA? O Yes No

Is this account for a Government Entity? C Yes No
Is your account holder considered an "institutional account" based on one or more of the following definitions per FINRA Rule Yes N o
4512(c):
1. A bank, savings and loan association, insurance company or registered investment company;
2. An investment adviser registered either with the SEC under Section 203 of the Investment Advisers Act or with a state
securities commission (or any agency or office performing like functions); or
3. Any other person (whether a natural person, corporation, partnership, trust or otherwise) with total assets of at least $50
million

3. Registration Information
Individual or Participant Social Security Number Fill in your current residency status: (choose only one)
375-50-6123 · U.S. Citizen Resident Alien Non-Resident Alien
Account Registration Country Of Citizenship or Legal Establishment
PTC CUST IRA FBO UNITED STATES

DANIEL WIACEK Group Plan Name or Employer (if applicable)

-- MARSHFIELD ASSOCIATES, INC --
Mailing Address
9178 ADAMS ST
LIVONIA, MI 48150
Group Plan, Trust or Estate Tax ID (if applicable)
Date Plan Established (if applicable)

Home Phone
( 7 3 4 ) 4 6 4 -
Mobile Phone
(734)666-8231
Business Phone
Paperless Email
danwiacek48@gmail.com

L P L F i n a n c i a l F 1 A R
Revised 0324
Member FINRA/SIPC Page 1 of 10A 2

Section II: Investment Objective and Risk Tolerance

1. Select the investment objective that most accurately reflects the goals for this account (choose only one)
The investment objectives, account goal, and risk tolerance are overall objectives for the entire account and may be inconsistent with a particular holding
at any time. Please note that achievement of the stated investment objectives or account goal is a long-term goal for the account. These choices are listed
in order from what is considered to be conservative to highest risk - ask your financial advisor for more details. There is no guarantee that the investment
objective or account goal will be achieved.
A. Income with Capital Preservation. Designed as a longer term accumulation account, this is considered generally the most conservative investment
objective. Emphasis is placed on generation of current income with minimal risk of capital loss. Lowering the risk generally means lowering the
potential income and overall return.

B. Income with Moderate Growth. Emphasis is placed on generation of current income with a secondary focus on moderate capital growth.

C. Growth with Income. Emphasis is placed on modest capital growth with some focus on generation of current income.

D. Growth. Emphasis is placed on achieving high long-term growth and capital appreciation. There is little focus on generation of current income.

E. Aggressive Growth. Emphasis is placed on aggressive growth and maximum capital appreciation. No focus on generation of current income. This
objective has a very high level of risk and is for investors with a longer time horizon.

ATTENTION: If you select an objective and cross it out to choose another, the change must be initialed by all account

2. GWP Only

Time Horizon (Target Year): Account Goal (select one): R e t i r e m e n t Major Purchase General Investing

Investment Allocation Track (select one): Conservative Moderate Conservative M o d e r a t e Moderate Aggressive Aggressive

Section III: Account Holder Information

If you are an institutional trustee or a financial organization serving as trustee of a ERISA Group Plan, the identification sections are optional. For additional
account holders, complete the Supplemental Account Application (F1C).

1. Primary Information
Primary Account Holder/Trustee/Minor/Auth. Officer Occupation (former if retired or ID Type (Ex: Driver's License,
Daniel Wiacek Retired
Social Security Number Date of Birth Industry (former if ID Place of Issuance
375-50-6123 04/15/1948 Retired

Residence Address (no P. O. Boxes) ] Same as mailing address Employer Name [ Mark here if retired or unemployed ID Number
9178 ADAMS ST

LIVONIA, MI 48150 Employment Address ID Issuance Date ID Expiration Date

Country of Citizenship
UNITED STATES ID verified? Yes N o

Home Phone
( 7 3 4 ) 4 6 4 -
Mobile Phone
(734)666-8231
Business Phone
Fax Number

Is this account for the benefit of a Politically Exposed Person (PEP) *? Y e s N o

If yes, define PEP position:

*A Politically Exposed Person (PEP) is defined as: 1. A current or former senior foreign (non-U.S.) political figure; 2. His/her immediate family members (e.g., parents, spouse, sibling, children,
in-laws); 3. Close associates - People who are widely and publicly known to maintain a close relationship with the PEP, including people who are in a position to conduct substantial financial
transactions on behalf of the PEP; 4. Any corporation, business or other entity that has been formed by, or for the benefit of, the PEP.

The trusted contact person is intended to be a resource for LPL in administering your accounts, protecting your assets, and responding to possible financial
exploitation (refer to account packet/agreement for more details). Note: Your trusted contact person must be age 18 or older, and would not be able to
conduct transactions in your account.

VI decline to provide a trusted contact person at this time.
Trusted Contact Name
Trusted Contact Email

Trusted Contact Address

Trusted Contact Primary Phone Relationship to Account Holder (Spouse, Relative, Friend, Professional Relationship, Other)

F 1 A R
Account Number Revised 0324
1 6 2 3 5 8 4 0 Page 2 of 10A 2

Section III: Account Holder Information (continued)

1. Primary Information (continued)

Mark here and complete the below information if a FINRA employee or person associated with a broker/dealer or municipal securities dealer has a
financial interest in, controls trading in, or has discretionary authority over this account (e.g., accounts for minor children). This includes situations
where you are employed by FINRA or associated with a broker/dealer or municipal securities dealer. This also includes situations where your spouse,
domestic partner, or other immediate family member is employed by FINRA or associated with a broker/dealer or municipal securities dealer.

LPL will notify FINRA, the broker/dealer, or the municipal securities dealer regarding this account and may transmit duplicate statements, confirmations
and other information concerning the account. By completing and signing this new account application, you authorize LPL to provide transactional data as
listed above to FINRA, the broker/dealer, or municipal securities dealer as applicable.
Full Name of Person Associated with Relationship to Account Holder of
Firm or FINRA Person Associated with Firm or FINRA Name of Associated Firm (if FINRA, list FINRA)

Address of Person Associated with Firm or FINRA Corporate Compliance Mailing Address of Firm

Mark here if you or any member of your immediate family has been a corporate officer, director,
or owner of 10% or more of any public corporation within the past three months.
Name of Corporation(s)

2 . S e c o n d a r y
Parent/Guardian/Fiduciary/Trustee/Co-Trustee
Occupation (former if retired or unemployed)
ID Type (Ex: Driver's License, Passport,

Social Security Date of Birth Industry (former if ID Place of Issuance

Residence Address (no P. O. Boxes) Same as mailing address Employer Name Mark here if retired or unemployed ID Number

Employment Address ID Issuance Date ID Expiration Date

Country of Citizenship
ID verified? Ye No
Home Phone Mobile Phone Business Phone Fax Number

Is this account for the benefit of a Politically Exposed Person (PEP) *? ( Yes N

If yes, define PEP
*A Politically Exposed Person (PEP) is defined as: 1. A current or former senior foreign (non-U.S.) political figure; 2. His/her immediate family members (e.g., parents, spouse, sibling, children,
in-laws); 3. Close associates - People who are widely and publicly known to maintain a close relationship with the PEP, including people who are in a position to conduct substantial financial
transactions on behalf of the PEP; 4. Any corporation, business or other entity that has been formed by, or for the benefit of, the PEP.

The trusted contact person is intended to be a resource for LPL in administering your accounts, protecting your assets, and responding to possible financial
exploitation (refer to account packet/agreement for more details). Note: Your trusted contact person must be age 18 or older, and would not be able to
conduct transactions in your account.

I decline to provide a trusted contact person at this time.
Trusted Contact Name
Trusted Contact Email

Trusted Contact Address

Trusted Contact Primary Phone Relationship to Account Holder (Spouse, Relative, Friend, Professional Relationship, Other)

F 1 A R
Account Number Revised 0324
1 6 2 3 5 8 4 0 Page 3 of 10A 2

Section III: Account Holder Information (continued)

2. Secondary Information (continued)

Mark here and complete the below information if a FINRA employee or person associated with a broker/dealer or municipal securities dealer has a
financial interest in, controls trading in, or has discretionary authority over this account (e.g., accounts for minor children). This includes situations
where you are employed by FINRA or associated with a broker/dealer or municipal securities dealer. This also includes situations where your spouse,
domestic partner, or other immediate family member is employed by FINRA or associated with a broker/dealer or municipal securities dealer.

LPL will notify FINRA, the broker/dealer, or the municipal securities dealer regarding this account and may transmit duplicate statements, confirmations
and other information concerning the account. By completing and signing this new account application, you authorize LPL to provide transactional data as
listed above to FINRA, the broker/dealer, or municipal securities dealer as applicable.
Full Name of Person Associated with Relationship to Account Holder of
Firm or FINRA Person Associated with Firm or FINRA Name of Associated Firm (if FINRA, list FINRA)

Address of Person Associated with Firm or FINRA Corporate Compliance Mailing Address of Firm

Mark here if you or any member of your immediate family has been a corporate officer, director, Name of Corporation(s)
or owner of 10% or more of any public corporation within the past three months.

Section IV: Financial Information and Experience

1. Investment Information

Enter the letter that corresponds to the correct range:

Annual income? C Net worth? (exclusive of primary residence) F Liquid net worth ?* F Approximate account value ?** E

A. $1 - $24,999
E. $250,000 - $499,999
B. $25,000 - $49,999
F. $500,000 - $749,999
C. $50,000 - $99,999
G. $750,000 - $999,999
D. $100,000 - $249,999
H. $1,000,000 and over

Specify the exact Source of Account Holder Wealth and Income (e.g. Inheritance, employment salary, sale of real estate, etc.)
Employment Income Federal income tax bracket? (%) 0

Investment Experience (total number of years): NONE
Indicate the number of years of experience for each investment type:

Annuities Mutual Funds Partnerships Marg Stocks Bonds Options
O t h e r ( p l e a s e

What are your assets/investments (includes positions held outside and by LPL in this and other accounts)? Please indicate approximate percentage of
assets in whole numbers exclusive of primary home (must equal 100%). Do not provide percentages in fractions or decimals.
Real Estate 0 % Mutual Funds 40 % C h e c k i n g / 20 % Annuities 40 %

Insurance 0 % Stocks 0 % Alternative Investments 0 % Bonds 0 %

Other 0 % If Other, please explain
*Liquid net worth is exclusive of real estate; only include assets that can be liquidated within 30 days.
** Account minimums apply; see the applicable Account Packet for details or ask your financial advisor.

2. Investment Time Horizon and Liquidity Needs

What is your investment time horizon for this account? 1-3 years C 3 - 5 5-10 years More than 10
Do you have liquidity needs from the funds in this account? Yes N o

If yes, when do you need these funds? Within 3 years More than 3 years

Section V: Advisory Program Account Information

1. Primary Advisor Information

Primary Financial Advisor Name
JUSTIN HULETT
Business Phone
(248)817-2976
Business Address
70 W LONG LAKE ROAD, SUITE
TROY, MI 48098

F 1 A R
Account Number Revised 0324
1 6 2 3 5 8 4 0 Page 4 of 10A 2

Section V: Advisory Program Account Information (continued)

2. Annual Account Fee Information

One of the following fee instruction areas is required to be completed. If left blank, or the Tiered Account Fee Authorization Form is not received, then the
application will be rejected.

For SAM, OMP, MWP, Manager Select, and/or PWP:
Note: Tiered Account Fees are not available for PWP

Account Fee = Advisory Fee: 1.25 (%) + Manager Fee* (if applicable) OR

Check here if account will be set up for Tiered Account Fee **

* Please refer to the Account Agreement for a description of the Manager Fee.
** For Tiered Account Fee Billing, Form F521 (Tiered Account Fee Authorization Form) is required to be submitted with this application. TAF set up for eligible accounts must be completed
prior to Form F521 submission. To learn more about this requirement, please refer to the Quick Start Guide (TAFS) posted in the Resource Center.

For GWP Only:

Account Fee = Advisor Fee: (%) + Program Fee*

* Please refer to the Account Agreement for a description of the Program Fee.

For SAM Only:

Your Financial Advisor has opted to pay transaction charges for the account.

3. Commissions on Trades from Accounts Outside of LPL (Optional)

Financial Advisor(s): Mark below if you wish to apply a fee credit to the assets (cash or securities) being deposited into this account that originated from a
firm other than LPL Financial and a commission was earned by you within the past two years. Please provide trade details below to apply a fee credit:
Purchase Date Purchase Amount Investment Name Fund Class CUSIP/Symbol Commission
$ $

$ $

$ $

$ $

4. Specific Securities Restrictions

Mark below if you wish to restrict specific securities, categories, groups or sectors from your account (for SAM, PWP, and Manager Select accounts only).
In order to facilitate these restrictions, please provide restriction details below .*

Restrict common stock securities: (enter symbol)
Restrictions do not apply to mutual funds.
(attach additional pages if necessary)
Other Restrictions (for SAM and PWP accounts only): Please explain any other restrictions below. This includes any industry group, sector or social category
restrictions that apply to a PWP account. Financial advisor should refer to the Resource Center for detailed information on the restriction options available
for PWP accounts. (attach additional pages if necessary)

*Certain restrictions may require further review with LPL and your financial advisor.

F 1 A R
Account Number Revised 0324
1 6 2 3 5 8 4 0 Page 5 of 10A2

Section VI: Manager Select Account Information

1. Complete This Section for Manager Select Accounts Only

Account Type (choose either SMA Platform or Model Portfolio Platform):

SMA Platform (SMA Portfolio Manager indicated below has discretionary authority)
SMA Portfolio Manager Name
MARSHFIELD ASSOCIATES, INC

Asset Class*
A l l C a p
Investment Style*
C O R E V A L U E

Did the SMA Portfolio Manager indicated above previously manage the assets in this account? Yes N o

Chad Goldberg 0 8 / 3 0 / 2 4

Accepted by SMA Portfolio Manager / Authorized Person Accepted by SMA Portfolio Manager / Authorized Person Name (print) D a t e

Model Portfolio Platform (LPL has discretionary authority)
Model Advisor Name

Asset Class* Investment Style*

*Financial advisor should refer to the Manager Select Participation List on the Resource Center for detailed information on each SMA Portfolio Manager and Model Advisor, their available asset
classes and investment styles.

Section VII: Retirement Plan Accounts

1. Required for Sponsor-Directed Qualified Retirement Accounts

What is the total value of the plan? $

Classify the corporation's employees:

Young employees, few years of service, many years until retirement Older work force of lengthy service, nearing retirement

Even distribution over all age groups and years of service

Identify the relationship between plan contributions and distributions:

Contributions will exceed distributions for at least the next two years Distributions will exceed contributions for at least the next two years

Contributions currently exceed distributions but this could change
within the next two years
Distributions currently exceed contributions but this could change
within the next two years

Please specify the estimated distributions of the any known retiring participants:
Approximate Distribution Date of Distribution Approximate Distribution Date of Distribution
Participant $ Participant $
Participant 2: Participant 4: $
Section VIII: Custodian and Trustee Information

1. For all IRA, Roth IRA, all Trusteed IRA, SIMPLE IRA, and 403(b)(7) Participant Accounts Only

Retirement Account Custodian or Trustee:
Unless an Outside Custodian is designated and marked below, all IRA, Roth IRA, all Trusteed IRA, SIMPLE IRA and 403(b)(7) participant accounts (Section I)
will default to The Private Trust Company, N.A. ("PTC") as custodian. Each account holder must receive, read and understand the contents of the
applicable Custodial Agreement or Trust Agreement referenced below based on the registration type selected in Section 1.2.

Custodial Agreement PTC - IRA: For Traditional IRA, Traditional Rollover IRA, Beneficiary IRA, SEP IRA, and SAR-SEP IRA accounts
Custodial Agreement PTC - Roth IRA: For Roth IRA and Beneficiary Roth IRA accounts
Custodial Agreement PTC - SIMPLE IRA: For SIMPLE IRA and Beneficiary SIMPLE IRA accounts
Custodial Agreement PTC - 403(b)(7): For 403(b)(7) ERISA, 403(b)(7) Non-ERISA, and Beneficiary 403(b)(7) accounts
Trusteed IRA Agreement - Trusteed IRA, Trusteed Beneficiary IRA, Trusteed Roth IRA, and Trusteed Beneficiary Roth IRA accounts

Mark here for Outside Custodian (account holder to complete and submit custodian's adoption agreement) Skip Section VIII.2

F 1 A R
Account Number Revised 0324
1 6 2 3 5 8 4 0 Page 6 of 10A2

Section VIII: Custodian and Trustee Information (continued)

2. Beneficiary Designation (This section only applies to accounts with PTC as custodian; also excludes Trusteed IRA account. For all Trusteed IRA accounts,
complete the Trusteed IRA Beneficiary Designation form (F780)):

Marital Status: Single Married

I hereby designate the following individual(s) or entity(ies) as my primary and/or contingent beneficiary(ies) unless otherwise directed in writing by the
account holder and properly filed with the custodian. If neither primary nor contingent is indicated, the individual or entity will be deemed to be a primary
beneficiary. If more than one primary beneficiary is designated and no distribution percentages are indicated, or the percentages do not total 100%, the
beneficiaries will be deemed to own equal share of the unspecified percentages in the account. If more than one contingent beneficiary is designated and
no distribution percentages are indicated, or the percentages do not total 100%, the beneficiaries will be deemed to own equal share of the unspecified
percentages in the account. If this is a Guardian account, the account will automatically pass to the minor's estate. Once the minor has reached the age of
majority for the state of residence, he or she may then designate a beneficiary(ies).
LPL generally will divide all securities and cash in my account proportionately among the designated beneficiaries based on the allocations indicated
herein; provided that LPL will seek to maintain fixed income minimum denomination in lot sizes sufficient to meet any minimum trading requirements (per
issuers' requirements). In the event that any securities remain after such proportionate division of assets and the market value of each such remaining
security is less than or equal to $50.00, LPL will distribute such remaining shares/bonds to the first primary beneficiary listed herein. In the event that any
securities remain after such proportionate division of assets and the market value of each such security is greater than $50.00, LPL will use reasonable
efforts to liquidate such remaining shares/bonds and divide the proceeds proportionately among the beneficiaries based on the allocations indicated
herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, LPL will use reasonable efforts to liquidate all remaining fixed income securities and divide the proceeds
proportionately among the beneficiaries based on the allocations indicated herein.

In the event that a designated beneficiary dies, you may select whether distributions will be made to other remaining beneficiaries or to your beneficiary's heirs.
· Pro Rata (Default Rule) -- Unless Per Stirpes is indicated below, the following Pro Rata rule will be in place at my death. If any primary beneficiary(ies)
dies before me, his or her interest shall terminate completely, and the percentage share of any remaining primary beneficiary (ies) shall be increased
equally. If no primary beneficiary survives me, the contingent beneficiary(ies) shall acquire the designated share of my account. If no primary or
contingent beneficiaries survive me, my spouse will be deemed my beneficiary. If there is no surviving spouse at the time of my death, my estate will
be deemed my beneficiary. If I live in a state with community property statutes or the account is a 403(b)(7) subject to Title 1 of ERISA and do not
designate my spouse as the sole primary beneficiary, I certify that my spouse has consented to such designation.

. Per Stirpes -- If any primary beneficiary dies before me, my estate will need to identify the heirs who are to receive that primary beneficiary's share of
my TOD assets. If no primary beneficiary with the per stirpes designation survives me, that beneficiary's share shall be paid to the living descendants
of such beneficiary, subject to state law. The percentage share of the remaining primary beneficiaries will remain the same.

Primary / Contingent |Pro Rata / Per N a m e Relationship SSN Date of Birth %
CHRISTOPHER WIACEK Relative/Friend 09/17/1978 50.00
DARRELL WIACEK Relative/Friend 04/11/1975 5 0 . 0 0

C

C

O O O

O

0

O

O

O 0
O O O

F 1 A R
Account Number Revised 0324
1 6 2 3 5 8 4 0 Page 7 of 10A 2

Section IX: Account Holder Acknowledgment and Execution

1. Suppression of Confirmations (for PWP, MWP, GWP and Manager Select accounts only):

By initialing below, I hereby elect not to receive immediate trade confirmations from LPL for each transaction in the account. Information from the
confirmation will be reported on my brokerage account statement.

Initials Initials Initial Initials

2. Name Differences/One and the Same Information (not to be used in lieu of court documentation for legal name changes)

List any name differences that you are known by or commonly use in the space provided. By listing the names below and signing Section IX, you are
authorizing LPL to accept transactions and follow instructions under all names listed. Alterations to this section cannot be made after the form has been
submitted, except by completing and submitting a separate One and the Same Form (OSL).

3 .
I acknowledge by signing below that I have received, read, understand and agree to the terms of this Account Application and the applicable Account
Agreement (included in the Account Packet specified in Section I). Additionally I certify the following:

. All of the information provided in this Account Application is true, correct, and complete and I agree to notify LPL of any changes to the information.
. I have received the LPL Relationship Summary and the Advisory Program Brochure (included as part of the applicable Account Packet) and the Brochure
Supplement of the financial advisor servicing my advisory account.
· I understand and agree to the terms of the Automatic Cash Sweep Program set out in the Account Agreement.
· I understand and acknowledge that I have granted discretionary authority in the Account Agreement to trade securities in my account to my financial
advisor in the case of SAM accounts, to my financial advisor and LPL in the case of OMP, PWP and MWP accounts, to LPL in the case of GWP and
Manager Select - Model Portfolio Platform accounts, and to the SMA Portfolio Manager in the case of Manager Select - SMA Platform accounts.
. For Manager Select, MWP, OMP, PWP and SAM, I have discussed with my financial advisor the investment objective selected for the account in Section II
of this Application, and for MWP, PWP, OMP and Manager Select - Model Portfolio Platform accounts, the model portfolios to be selected for my
account.
· I understand that investing through an advisory account involves investment risk, including the risk of loss. I am prepared to bear the risks associated with
my investments.
· I understand that LPL will supply my name to issuers of any securities held in my account so that I may receive important information regarding those
securities, unless I notify LPL in writing not to do so.
· I acknowledge that proceeds from liquefied home equity on my primary residence will not be used to fund this account.
· I authorize LPL to contact my trusted contact person listed above. I understand that providing this information is optional and I may withdraw it at any time.
· I understand the differences between an advisory and brokerage account and by signing below affirm my decision, based on discussions with my financial
advisor and information provided to me, to work with my financial advisor in an advisory relationship.
For accounts with PTC as Custodian or Trustee, I acknowledge that I have received, read, understand and agree to the terms of the applicable Custodial
Agreement or Trust Agreement and I certify that I am eligible to establish the type of account referenced above. I release the Custodian or Trustee, LPL
Financial LLC and their affiliates, from all liability and agree to indemnify the same from any and all losses, damages or cost for acting in good faith in
accordance with the account privileges selected herein. In no event shall the indemnified parties be liable for consequential damages.
Additionally, for accounts with PTC as Custodian or Trustee, I certify the following:
· If I make a rollover contribution, I certify that I understand the rules and conditions of the deposit and that I am eligible to make the deposit under the
Internal Revenue Code.
. If this is a SEP IRA, I certify that I have received, read and accept my employer's plan document (5305-SEP or SEP prototype).
. If this is a SAR-SEP, I certify that I have received, read and accept my employer's plan document (5305A-SEP or SEP prototype), I have verified that my
employer's plan was established in a year beginning before 1997 and I have entered into a SAR-SEP Elective Deferral Agreement with my employer.

F 1 A R
Account Number Revised 0324
1 6 2 3 5 8 4 0 Page 8 of 10A 2

Section IX: Account Holder Acknowledgment and Execution (continued)

3. Acknowledgment (continued)

. If this is a SIMPLE IRA, I certify that I have received, read and accept the summary description and notice (Form 5304-SIMPLE) from my employer relating
to my employer's SIMPLE IRA Plan and I have entered into a SIMPLE Elective Deferral Agreement with my employer.
· If this is a 403(b)(7), I have verified with my employer that it is an educational organization described in Code Section 170(b)(1)(A)(ii) or a tax-exempt
organization described in Code Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue code and neither the Custodian or Trustee, LPL nor any of their affiliates have
any responsibility for any applicable contribution or distribution limitations under Internal Revenue Code 403(b), and I am establishing the account under
my employer's 403(b)(7) plan and in connection, have entered into an elective deferral arrangement with my employer.
· If this is a 403(b)(7), I designate LPL as the brokerage firm to invest assets and agree to invest all assets solely in regulated investment companies.
. This account is governed by and I acknowledge receipt of the predispute arbitration clause that is located in the last numbered section of the Account
Agreement (included in the Account Packet specified in Section I), which is incorporated by reference into this Account Application.

4. Important Information about IRA Rollovers from Employer Sponsored Retirement Plans
If you are planning to fund this IRA account with a rollover from an employer sponsored retirement plan, like a 401(k) plan, it is important for you to fully
understand the following:
· If terminating from your employer, you have options with respect to the assets in your plan, including that you can:
o Remain invested in the plan (subject to certain minimum assets)
o Transfer your plan assets to a plan of a new employer (if applicable)
o Transfer your assets to an IRA with a financial institution
o Receive a cash distribution (which may be fully taxable)
There are pros and cons of each of the options, which are described in the IRA Custodial Agreement or Trust Agreement you received in
connection with opening this account
. If you decide to transfer assets out of the plan and into an IRA, you understand that:
o Those assets will no longer be subject to the protections of ERISA or other applicable pension laws
o There will no longer be a responsible plan fiduciary making decisions about the investments
o Depending on the investments and services you select for your IRA, you will likely pay more in fees, commissions and other costs than if the assets
remained in your plan, and your Financial Advisor may receive more compensation for servicing your IRA than if you selected a different option.
. By signing this Account Application, you acknowledge that:
o You reviewed and understand the above information regarding rollovers, including the pros and cons and other information contained in the IRA
Custodial Agreement or Trust Agreement and other documents required to open this account
o You have discussed with your Financial Advisor the pros and cons of funding an IRA with a rollover
o Your Financial Advisor only provides education regarding the options available to transfer or roll your Plan assets to an IRA, and does not
recommend one option over another
o The decision to transfer assets from a plan to fund an IRA has been or will be made by you based on a full understanding of the options available to you

5. Plan Trustee or Plan Fiduciary Acknowledgment
. If this account is for a participant that is part of a group Retirement Plan, the trustee or plan fiduciary must sign below and include the information in
Section III-2 - Secondary Information in addition to the participant.
. If the Plan is a 401k, Profit Sharing, Money Purchase or Defined Benefit, you are signing as a plan trustee.
· If the Plan is an ERISA 403(b) or 457, you are signing as a plan fiduciary.

Under penalties of perjury, I hereby certify that: (1) The number shown on this form is my correct taxpayer identification number (or I am waiting for a
number to be issued to me), and (2) I am not subject to backup withholding because: (a) I am exempt from backup withholding, or (b) I have not been
notified by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) that I am subject to backup withholding as a result of a failure to report all interest or dividends, or (c) the
IRS has notified me that I am no longer subject to backup withholding, (3) I am a U.S. person (including a U.S. resident alien), and (4) | attest I am exempt
from FATCA Reporting. (However, if you provide an IRS W-8 form, it will supersede this statement and you may be subject to FATCA Reporting.) (Cross
out (2) if subject to backup withholding.) The Internal Revenue Service does not require my consent to any provision of this document other than the
certifications required to avoid backup withholding.

Daniel Wiacel (Aug 29, 2024 10:16
E D T )
Account Holder / Plan Trustee / Fiduciary Signature
Daniel Wiacek
Account Holder / Plan Trustee / Fiduciary Name (print)
Aug 29, 2024
D a t e

Account Holder / Plan Trustee / Fiduciary Account Holder / Plan Trustee / Fiduciary Name D a t e

Account Holder / Plan Trustee / Fiduciary Account Holder / Plan Trustee / Fiduciary Name D a t e

Account Holder / Plan Trustee / Fiduciary Signature Account Holder / Plan Trustee / Fiduciary Name D a t e

F 1 A R
Account Number Revised 0324
1 6 2 3 5 8 4 0 Page 9 of 10A 2

Section IX: Account Holder Acknowledgment and Execution (continued)

6. Branch Use Only

I have reviewed this document for completeness, accuracy, suitability, and proper disclosures. If this account was opened online and the automated check
against the OFAC list of specially designated nationals (SDNs) resulted in a match to the account holder's name, I have confirmed that the account holder
is not the same person listed by OFAC. If this account is opened by the home office, I have checked the list of SDNs and either the account holder's name
does not appear or, if the account holder's name is the same as the name of a SDN, the account holder is not the person listed by OFAC. I have also
provided the account holder with the CIP disclosure either in writing or verbally. I acknowledge and accept that I am a party to the Account Agreement. In
the event the enrolling client does not have sufficient credit history in order to generate DocuSign knowledge-based authentication questions, I certify that
the client already maintains an existing relationship with LPL and me, or that I have met this client in person and reviewed the Customer Identification
Program (CIP) information outlined in Section III. For MWP, OMP, PWP and GWP accounts, I acknowledge and accept that I am a party to the applicable
Account Agreement. I have determined that any liquidation of previously purchased investments to deposit assets into this account is suitable for the
account holder and have disclosed to the account holder all costs incurred by the account holder to liquidate such investments.

JUSTIN HULETT JUSTIN HULETT P1DD
JUSTIN HULETT (Aug 29, 2024 10:47 A u g 2 9 ,
E D T )
Financial Advisor / Authorized Person Signature Financial Advisor / Authorized Person Name R e p D a t e

Joint Financial Advisor / Authorized Person Signature Joint Financial Advisor / Authorized Person Name Rep ID D a t e

Joint Financial Advisor / Authorized Person Signature Joint Financial Advisor / Authorized Person Name (print) R e p D a t e

Historical Trade-Off Between Risk, Volatility & Investment Return:
This chart illustrates five investment objectives. Match your
I n c r e a s i n g R i s k , V o l a t i l i t y & R e t u r n E x p e c t a t i o n s investment needs with the characteristics listed below each
investment objective to determine which objective most accurately
represents your situation.
Aggressive
Growth
Growth
Growth with
Income with Income · Little need for current . No need for current income
Income with Moderate Growth i n c o m e Focus on aggressive growth
Capital Preservation . Equal focus on growth . Focus on growth · High tolerance for risk
· Need for current Income and current Income · Long Investment horizon
· Need for capital · Moderate focus on · Moderate tolerance for · High tolerance for risk
preservation and current growth ris
Income Low tolerance for risk k · Intermediate/long
No focus on growth · Short/Intermediate . Intermediate Investment Investment horizon
· Lowest tolerance for risk Investment horizon horizon
· Shortest Investment
horizon

F 1 A R
Account Number Revised 0324
1 6 2 3 5 8 4 0 Page 10 of 10